# bnta-airplaneApp
A mini project to develop a flight booking CLI system. 

Task:
 - Display the list of available options such as:
 - Option 1 Add new Flight
 - Option 2 Display all flights
 - Option 3 Display Booked Flights
 - Option 4 Display flight for a specific user
 - Option 5 Book a flight for a user using his id
 - Option 6 Cancel a flight

Add and remove options according to your application.

When booking a new flight you should your system should ask the user for his personal information such as name, email, phone number and passport number. Each user must have unique identifier (id) which must be generated by the system.

There is no right or wrong implementation discuss as a team the functionality and how you want your system to behave.

- Think about the POJOs classes you might need such User...
- Think about the service classes you might need for business logic...
- Make sure to use packages to organise your code.
- User the right naming conventions. for classes, methods and packages

Bonus
- Store Data to a file instead of an Array or List

<h2>Lessons Learnt</h2>

Our first Java project collaborating in teams of three. We learnt a lot about how Java applications are built from scratch, with the use of a Trello board to manage and split tasks. A lot of time was spent on being able to generate a particular UUID for a user when they register and linking this UUID with the flight that they booked.
  
<h3>Future Improvements and workflow</h3>
  
  <ul>
    <li>Using an interface class to make writing data into different data structures easier with the Override method, which introduces the idea of polymorphism</li>
    <li>The use of Git branches which makes it easier to organise code and to avoid errors if everyone is pushing onto main</li>
    <li>Adding Git ignore at the start to ignore the files that are unnecessary</li>
  </ul>
    
